Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. If you have any questions about this Policy, contact us at patternstash.org@gmail.com

1. WHAT'S COVERED UNDER THIS PRIVCACY POLICY

This policy applies to all of the services offered by Pattern Stash (“Pattern Stash”, “We”, “Us”, “Ours”)

This policy covers the treatment and use of personal information that We collect and receive. Personal information is any information about you that is personally identifiable (like your name, address, email address, or phone number), and that is not commonly, publicly available.

This policy does not apply to practices of companies that are not owned or controlled by Us, or to people who are not employed or managed by Us.

2. INFORMATION: COLLECTION AND USAGE

We do not directly collect any personal information on this site.

We automatically receive and record information on our server logs, including your IP address, the web request, and one or more cookies which may uniquely identify your browser. These server logs may also include your browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request.

When you send email or other communication to us, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve our services.

We may present links in a format that enables us to track when the links are followed. We may use this information to improve the quality of our content and advertising.


2.1. INFORMATION ON COOKIES

When you visit Pattern Stash, We may set and access cookies on your computer;

Cookies are small text files that the sites visited by users send to their terminals or devices, where they are stored to be transmitted again to the same sites during subsequent visits. Cookies can be permanently stored (persistent cookies) on your device or have a variable duration; they can in fact be deleted by closing the browser or having a limited duration to the single session (session cookies).

Cookies can be installed from this website (first-party cookies) or from other websites (third-party cookies).

If your browser is set to refuse all cookies, some features of our site may not function properly.

We use cookies to improve the quality of our services by tracking user trends.


2.1.1. FIRST PARTY COOKIES

The cookies generated and managed directly are the so-called technical cookies (which are used only and exclusively to properly offer the services offered to the public).

2.1.2. THIRD-PARTY COOKIES

Third-party services that can set and use specific cookies and / or similar technologies are integrated into the pages. The use of these cookies by third-party companies is governed by the privacy policies of the respective companies and not by this information.

Google Analytics ( Information https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html )
Amazon (Information ...)
EBay (Information...)
Etsy (Information...)

Amazon, Ebay, Etsy, Google, and its partners use third-party cookies to serve ads on this site.

3. DISCLOSURE AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

Pattern Stash does not store or process any personally identifiable data beyond what is stored by third party cookies and the technical information noted under §2.

6. CHANGES TO POLICY

We reserve the right to update and/or change this policy from time to time.

For any minor changes, will not reduce your rights without your explicit consent.

For any major or significant changes which do not reduce your rights and therefore do not require explicit consent, we will place a prominent notice on our site.

For any major or significant changes which require your consent, such as the way we treat your personal information, we will send a notice to the primary email address listed on your account.

7. QUESTIONS AND/OR SUGGESTIONS

If you have any question or concerns about this policy, please feel free to contact us at any time at patternstash.org@gmail.com