ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Source graphics for the patterns on this site, other than public domain images of antique patterns, are licensed and downloaded from Vecteezy using a Vecteezy Pro License.  In accordance with this license, no attribution is required.


Privacy, Terms, and Conditions


Your privacy is very important to us. If you have any questions about this Policy, contact us at patternstash.org@gmail.com


1. WHAT'S COVERED UNDER THIS POLICY

This policy applies to all of the services offered by patternstash.org (“patternstash.org”, “We”, “Us”, “Ours”)

This policy covers the treatment and use of personal information that We collect and receive. Personal information is any information about you that is personally identifiable (like your name, address, email address, or phone number), and that is not commonly, publicly available.

This policy does not apply to practices of companies that are not owned or controlled by Us, or to people who are not employed or managed by Us.


2. INFORMATION: COLLECTION AND USAGE

We do not collect any personal information on this Site.

This site is hosted by fast.io.  Fast.io may record information using third party cookies, and store technical information in logs, including your IP address, the web request, and one or more cookies which may uniquely identify your browser. These logs may also include your browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request.

When you send email or other communication to us, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve our services.

We may present links in a format that enables us to track when the links are followed. We may use this information to improve the quality of our content and advertising.


2.1. INFORMATION ON COOKIES

When you visit patternstash.org, our third party providers may set and access cookies on your computer.

Cookies are small text files that the sites visited by users send to their terminals or devices, where they are stored to be transmitted again to the same sites during subsequent visits. Cookies can be permanently stored (persistent cookies) on your device or have a variable duration.

Cookies can be installed from other websites (third-party cookies).  patternstash.org does not store any first-party cookies on your device.

If your browser is set to refuse all cookies, some features of our site may not function properly.

Our third-party providers use cookies to improve the quality of services by tracking user trends.


2.1.1. FIRST PARTY COOKIES

The cookies generated and managed directly are the so-called technical cookies (which are used only and exclusively to properly offer the services offered to the public).


2.1.2. THIRD-PARTY COOKIES

Third-party services that can set and use specific cookies and / or similar technologies are integrated into the pages. The use of these cookies by third-party companies is governed by the privacy policies of the respective companies and not by this information.

Google Analytics ( Information https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html )
fast.io (Information: https://fast.io/terms/ and https://fast.io/privacy/)
cookiegenerator.eu (Information: https://cookiegenerator.eu/)

Amazon, Ebay, Etsy, Google, fast.io, cookiegenerator.eu, and its partners may use third-party cookies to serve ads on this site.


2.2. HOW CONSENT IS PROVIDED

The consent to the use of profiling cookies is provided by the user through the following methods: closing the banner containing the brief information, scrolling the page hosting the banner or clicking any of its elements and can be revoked at any time.

All technical cookies do not require consent, so they are installed automatically as a result of access to the site or service.


2.3 HOW TO REVOKE CONSENT

Cookies can be completely disabled by the browser using the appropriate function provided in most browsers.

It is good to know, however, that by deactivating cookies some of the features of the website may not be usable.

To disable the third-party performance and profiling cookies individually, click on the links to the information on the third parties expressly indicated above.


3. DISCLOSURE AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

patternstash.org does not store or process any personally identifiable data.


4. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES

patternstash.org contains images of cross stitch patterns with links to find these patterns on other web sites. Where patternstash.org owns the copyright, patterns may be offered for free download.

Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Services, shall be subject to the Terms. You understand and agree that the Service is provided “AS-IS” and that We assume no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, misdelivery or failure to provide access to this website. You are responsible for obtaining access to the this website, and that access may involve third-party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges). In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Service.


5. ELIGIBILITY

You agree that your activities on the Site and any use of the Site shall be in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines.


6. COPYRIGHT

If you believe that We have infringed your copyright in any material way, please notify us at patternstash.org@gmail.com and provide the following information:

An identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
An identification of the material on patternstash.org that you claim is infringing or is subject to infringing activity, with enough detail so that we can locate the material on our site.
Your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address.
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
A statement by you declaring that the above information in your Notice is accurate, made under penalty of perjury, and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest involved.
Your physical or electronic signature.


7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

PATTERNSTASH.ORG WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS, THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE INABILITY TO USE ANY SERVICE, OR THOSE RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE SERVICES.


8. CHANGES TO POLICY

We reserve the right to update and/or change this policy from time to time.


9. QUESTIONS AND/OR SUGGESTIONS

If you have any question or concerns about this policy, please feel free to contact us at any time at patternstash.org@gmail.com


10. MISCELLANEOUS 

Entire Agreement. These Terms and any agreements, guidelines, policies etc, incorporated by reference herein or applicable to particular Services constitute the entire agreement between you and patternstash.org and govern your use of the Services and Content, superseding any prior agreements between you and patternstash.org with respect to the Services and Content. 

Proprietary Rights. You acknowledge and agree that the Services and any necessary software used in connection with the Services contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that patterns, Content or other information presented to you through the Services or by advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by patternstash.org, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the any Content, whether in whole or in part. 

Unless you have agreed otherwise in writing with patternstash.org, nothing in these Terms gives you a right to use any of patternstash.org's trade names, trade marks, service marks, logos, domain names, or other distinctive brand features.

Without limiting the foregoing, the patternstash.org logo, trademarks, and any other service marks and other patternstash.org logos and product and service names are trademarks of patternstash.org. You agree that you shall not display or use these marks in any manner, and that you will not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyright and trade mark notices) which may be affixed to or contained within the Services.

Governing Law; Disputes; Consent to Personal Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by the Laws of New South Wales, Australia without regard to its principles regarding conflicts of law. In the event of any dispute between you and the patternstash.org, you agree to take all reasonable steps to resolve the dispute quickly and efficiently first, through good faith negotiations, and then, through formal mediation or arbitration if requested by patternstash.org in its sole discretion. In the event of a dispute that cannot be resolved in accordance with the foregoing principle, the courts of New South Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any matter arising hereunder, and you hereby consent to personal jurisdiction in those.

Waiver and Severability of Terms. The failure of patternstash.org to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms or any agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms shall remain in full force and effect.

Links/Other Web Sites. The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because patternstash.org has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that patternstash.org is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that patternstash.org shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.

Notice. Any notice under this Agreement shall be sent by email to patternstash.org@gmail.com

Limitations Period. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Site or these Terms must be filed within one hundred and eighty (180) days after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

Severability. If any one or more of the provisions in this Agreement are deemed void as a matter of law, then the remaining provisions will continue in full force and affect.

Service Levels. patternstash.org does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to the Service or the Site.

Headings. Section headings are included in this policy for convenience only. They are not to be considered a part of the policy, and are not intended to be a full and accurate description of the contents hereof.

Additional Acknowledgments. You acknowledge that: (a) You are entering into this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence; (b) You have carefully read this Agreement and fully understand its terms, consequences, and binding effect; (c) You have sought the advice of an attorney of Your choice if so desired prior to entering into this Agreement; and (d) You understand that by performing under this Agreement, You agree to be bound by its the terms.



